**Nurburgring Time Attack Trails**

This app is a Nurburgring Time Attack Trials leaderboard showing the best times that drivers have driven various cars to run the fastest times that the Nurburgring has seen from street legal production cars that has ran best times below 8 mins. This app also allows consumers to bring their own cars to the track and run them and have an option to document their times into the leaderboard.Also the consumer may want to run on the Nurburgring track and dont have their own vehicle. So this app also has a rentals section that consumers can utilize to rent a vehicle from the list provided which has a total of six cars that are some of the fastest production cars ever built but the cars are newer models of current date. 

My rentals folder holds all my vehicles components that get called from the RentalsConfirm component that then the Rentals component calls the RentalsConfirm component to allow the user to make a selection on the date and car that they wish to reserve for them to use to run their best time on the track. The RentalsConfirm component also stores a photo of the car that the user will be renting. My time folder holds my Times component that holds leaderboard input form for the user to be able to input their best time with their car and whom drove that car to produce that time, also imports the EnterTimes component that actually renders all the times on the leaderboard and after the user inputs their data, it gets displayed in the leaderboard. My ListData component calls all the vehilces that my carsRoute.js file hold for all the vehicles in history that ran the best times under 8 mins at the Nurburgring track. It displays the cars data along with an image of the kind of car it was. And last the App component holds the data structure of my useContext and useState hooks that call the ListData, Times, Entertimes, and Rentals components so that the data can be used globally without having to prop drill and my code wont be so long and drawn out.

This concludes my general explanation of my Application. Its fully functional and works as it should. I did have issues with my EnterTimes component because the submit button was not working correctly. But I was able to get the button to submit upon the form being filled out first so that there isnt empty data space being used with no data in them. Also I was able to get alot of insight on this issue from Easton Yarbrough. He was able to help me with my confirm button so that after a reservation was made on my RentalConfirm page, the page would reset and allow for a new reservation input. Thanks Professor Carr for all the knowledge that you have provided us in this course.


